Domain Analysis

A. Introduction
This document describes the background information about how university residence management systems are handled. 
This information is to be used to guide the development of residence management system for Lakehead University 
Thunder Bay Campus. Three living styles will be supported: residence halls, apartments and townhouses. Social support 
will be available to all university residents. The residence halls have double, basic single, and single rooms and 
come with the convenience of a full meal plan. The apartment and townhouse accommodations are reserved for upper-year 
students. The system manager will be able to assign accommodations, schedule maintenance, send out notifications to 
residents, and easily gather information about rooms including the occupants. Residents will be able to find information 
about housing, apply for specific hoping, and make special requests, such as to make repairs.

B. Glossary
LURMS - Lakehead University Residencial Management System
LU - Lakehead University

C. General knowledge about the domain
Minimum tasks involved with residential management include:
	- Proper screening of applicant’s credit, criminal history, rental history and ability to pay.
	- Lease contracting or accepting rent using legal documents approved for the area in which the property is located.
	- Mitigation and remediation regarding any maintenance issues, generally within a budget, with prior or conveyed 
	  consent via a Limited Power of Attorney legally agreed to by the property owner.
	- Maintaining necessary records for tax and legal purposes.

D. Customers and users
The users of the software will be future LU students, and LU residential department managers. Potential buyers of the 
software may be residential departments of other similar sized universities. Staff affected would include all members of 
the residential department that would have to learn how to use the operator, and the IT specialist that would have to 
learn the entire system in order to fix bugs later on, or customize the software. Students using the software should not 
be affected, as it would not be much different from other computer software they came across before.

E. The environment
The LURMS will work on any computer connected to the internet. But, it will be built for mobile platforms. As such, 
users will most likely have a better user experience on devices that run on iOS, Android, or Windows Mobile operating systems.

F. Tasks and procedures currently performed
Required tasks for residential management operators would include:
	- Screening tenants: Through a background check, such as checking police records, credit check, ensuring they can pay, etc.
	- Handling leases: Setting the lease length.
	- Handling complaints, and emergencies: Maintenance requests, noise complaints, etc.
	- Handling move outs: The manager needs to inspect the unit, checking for damages, etc.
	- Dealing with evictions - when a tenant does not pay rent or otherwise breaches the terms of a lease, the property 
    	  manager understands the proper way to file and move forward with an eviction.
	- Maintenance, and repairs: The manager must ensure the property is in top condition, and attend to repairs.
	- Supervising: If they have employees working for them, they need to make sure they are doing their jobs.
	- Managing a budget: Managers must operate within a certain budget to not overspend.
	- Maintaining records: The property manager should keep thorough records regarding the property. This should include 
    	  all income and expenses; list of all inspections, signed leases, maintenance requests, any complaints, records of 
    	  repairs, costs of repairs, maintenance costs, record of rent collection and insurance costs.
	- Filing taxes: The manager can assist tenants with understanding how to file taxes on the investment property. Also, 
    	  the manager can file for taxes for the property.

G. Competing software
A couple of software products exist for residence management, such as RezStar. However, these services are cloud hosted 
on the companies servers, and could potentially bring up ethical concerns in the future with the data possibly being mined. 
But, the products are quite extensive, and possibly cheaper since they are managed by the company. Plus, there will be a 
set fee on a regular basis, with no unexpected costs.

H. Similarities across domains and organizations
The software should be similar to anything that requires something that needs to be rented for a period of time. Some 
systems would require some sort of management approval, while other systems may not. A great example would include a 
hotel room booking system. 
