Requirement gathering:

Observation: 
We went to the Lakehead website, and looked into applying for residence. The website seems to support most of everything 
asked for our project. However, it looked like it wasn’t designed to support mobile devices, and the user experience could 
be better. It could have the links logically organized throughout the webpages, instead of a sidebar. Plus, contacting the 
manager is not built into the website to automatically email them.


Requirement Analysis:

A. Problem:
The Lakehead University residential management system will help future, and current students find student housing seamlessly 
on a mobile device.

B. Background information:
Refer to the introduction section of the domain analysis document.

C. Environment and system models:
The software is to run on web browsers, but the user interface will be designed for mobile screens. Therefore, it will be 
made to run primary on iOS, Android, and Windows Mobile by extension.

D. Functional requirements:
1. Users
	1.1: Users will be able to find detailed information on campus housing, such as costs, and availability.
	1.2: Users will be able to submit an application in order to obtain housing. Choosing their preference in housing, 
        with the exception of apartment, and townhouses being reserved for upper-year students.
	1.3: Users will be able to submit forms for maintenance, and other various requests.
	1.4: Users will be able to buy a meal plan, if they have approved housing.
	1.5: Users with approved housing will be able to access social support.
	1.6: Current users will be able to update their personal information.
2. Mangement
	2.1: Will be able to approval student housing applications.
	2.2: Will be able to add or remove rooms, buildings, facilities, etc.
	2.3: Will have easy access to all current occupants information.
	2.4: Will be able to send out notifications to all current occupants.
	2.5: Will be able to remove occupants from system on leave.
3. Data stored
	3.1: Personal information about the students with housing.
	3.2: Information about rooms, such as, location, maintenance schedules, occupants, etc.

E. Quality, platform, and process requirements:
1. The system will be design to be very user friendly, and visually appealing.
2. The system will store data securely, with no data lost from power outages.
